Here's another trick question that you can be asked during an interview.
Now, most companies receive and are required to undergo training and sensitivity or ethics and things
like that.
But still, there might be the off chance that you will meet a hiring manager that will ask you this
question Can you work under someone of a specific gender or can you work under someone younger or something
along these lines?
And even though the chances of getting asked this question are very slim, it's it's useful to know
what to say and not have to say it.
Then being asked the question and not knowing what to say.
Right.
So let's analyze this for a moment.
If a company has promoted someone regardless of their gender, regardless of their age or years of experience,
based purely on their skills, their competence and their abilities, then that says a lot about the
company itself, that says that the company looks past all these details and focuses only on what is
important, which is your competence, which is a sum of everything your abilities, your aptitude,
your skills, your drive, your motivation, everything.
So that's what you need to be successful in your job.
And if a company has promoted such a person, then the chances are that you will receive the same treatment.
So even though this may be an uncalled for question, you can still treat it as a positive because it
means that the company is looking only at your ability to do your job.
So the correct answer here would be why not?
If someone if you're working under someone that's younger than you, why not?
What's the harmony?
As long as that person knows the job well and is a good leader, then age is irrelevant.
Thank you.
And I'll see you in the next video.